Wu Zhantian Chengjian
Stop drinking Wanjian Kaitian
Boy, you are nothing more than that
Even if the magic weapon is in your hands, it will not be powerful
That's the kung fu of the gap pad, right?
He actually defeated me like this
Who the hell is he?
What do you think of me?
Don't worry, I've never been worse now.
Wait until I finish this little thing
I'll take you home
Say everywhere
Don't talk, I'll ask you again
Can't kill me, it's the company of these stores.
You're going to kill me?
I'll let you go at these points.
Tianwang Lao Tzu is here
Kill this old beast
Great Protector
Hahahaha
The 4 guardians of the Heavenly Immortal Hall arrived
You are dead.